# NodeJS on CPanel

This repo is a proof-of-concept for automatically deploying a NodeJS app to CPanel via GitHub Actions.

# Deployment

This repo includes a GitHub Actions deployment workflow to publish your NodeJS app to the CPanel server at `phoenix.sheridanc.on.ca`. This action runs automatically each time you push changes to GitHub.

# CPanel Setup

GitHub needs an SSH key and password to login to your CPanel server for deployment. To create these, login to your CPanel account at `https://phoenix.sheridanc.on.ca:2083/`. Then, in the Security section:

1. Go to `SSH Access` > `Manage Keys` > `Generate a New Key`
2. First, Generate a password for the key and save it for later (copy/paste to notepad), then click `Generate Key`.
3. Go back, find the Public Key and click `Manage`, then `Authorize`
4. Go back, find the Private Key and click `View/Download` select the full text and copy/paste it to notepad for later.

# Configure GitHub Secrets

Now let's add your CPanel SSH Key, SSH key password, and CPanel username to GitHub Secrets so GitHub can login to your CPanel server during deployment. The following variables need to be added.

- `CPANEL_USER` (e.g. ixd0000, or sikkemha)
- `CPANEL_SSH_KEY` (the private key contents downloaded from cPanel)
- `CPANEL_SSH_PASSWORD` (the password for the key generated by cPanel)

To add these settings, navigate to your repository on GitHub, and then click: `Settings` > `Secrets and Variables` > `Actions` > `Repository Secrets` > `New Repository Secret`.
Repeat for each variable above.

# Naming Convention for Folders and URLs

During deployment we automatically copy your code to a folder in your CPanel home directory. This folder will be named to match the repository name. Similarly the app will become reachable at a URL that includes the repository name. Example: if your repository is called `my-repo`, then you'll end up with a folder at `/home/user/my-repo`. Furthermore, you app will then be reachable at a URL similar to this: `https://user.phoenix.sheridanc.on.ca/my-repo`.
